OCPBUGS-7355: Some rules will FAIL after auto remediation applied (#70153)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-release-notes.adoc

[id="compliance-operator-1-4-0-bug-fixes"]
=== Bug fixes

> * Previously, on a cluster with Windows nodes, some rules will FAIL after auto remediation is applied because the Windows nodes were not skipped by the compliance scan. With this release, Windows nodes are correctly skipped when remediation is applied. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-7355[*OCPBUGS-7355*])

Reviewer: The Windows nodes should always be skipped by the Compliance Operator.
It's just that this behavior was made evident when remediation was applied and the rule still failed, because it was also scanning the Windows node.

I made a suggestion, but feel free to change and adapt.

```suggestion
* Previously, on a cluster with Windows nodes, some rules will FAIL after auto remediation is applied because the Windows nodes were not skipped by the compliance scan. With this release, Windows nodes are correctly skipped from scanning. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-7355[*OCPBUGS-7355*])
```

Author: Thank you @yuumasato this has been done.

> * Previously, on a cluster with Microsoft Windows nodes, some rules will FAIL after auto remediation is applied because the windows nodes were not skipped by the compliance scan. With this release, Microsoft Windows nodes are correctly skipped when remediation is applied. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-7355[*OCPBUGS-7355*])

Reviewer 2: Maybe better to use "Windows nodes" instead of "Microsoft Windows nodes"?

Author: Thank you @xiaojiey these changes are completed.

To enable FIPS mode for your cluster, you must run the installation program from a {op-system-base} computer configured to operate in FIPS mode. For more information about configuring FIPS mode on RHEL, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/security_hardening/assembly_installing-the-system-in-fips-mode_security-hardening[Installing the system in FIPS mode].
====

[id="compliance-operator-1-3-1-known-issue"]
=== Known issue

> * On a cluster with Windows nodes, some rules will FAIL after auto remediation is applied because the Windows nodes are not skipped by the compliance scan. This differs from the expected results because the Windows nodes should be skipped when remediation is applied. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-7355[*OCPBUGS-7355*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On a cluster with Windows nodes, some rules will FAIL after auto remediation is applied because the Windows nodes are not skipped by the compliance scan. This differs from the expected results because the Windows nodes should be skipped from being scanned. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-7355[*OCPBUGS-7355*])
```

Author: Thank you @yuumasato, these changes have been made.

> * On a cluster with Microsoft Windows nodes, some rules will FAIL after auto remediation is applied because the windows nodes are not skipped by the compliance scan. This differs from the expected results because the Microsoft Windows nodes should be skipped when remediation is applied. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-7355[*OCPBUGS-7355*])

Reviewer 2: Maybe better to use "Windows nodes" instead of "Microsoft Windows nodes"?
